Add explainer (#4)
w3c/miniapp-widget: docs/explainer.md

> # MiniApp Widget Requirement explainer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# MiniApp Widget Requirements explainer
```

> > Note: This document serves as a supplementary explanation of the MiniApp Widget Requirement note. If there is any inconsistency with the note, you should consider the note to be authoritative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: This document serves as a supplementary explanation of the [MiniApp Widget Requirement](https://w3c.github.io/miniapp-widget/req/) note. If there is any inconsistency with the note, you should consider the note to be authoritative.
```

## Authors
Chen Canfeng (Xiaomi)  
Zhou Bingqing (Xiaomi)  
Chen Yinli (Xiaomi)

## What is this?

> The MiniApp Widget is a special form of MiniApp Page. Same as a page, a widget runs in a host environment that is called the User Agent. Unlike a page, a widget can occupy a certain area instead of the entire screen. The Widget Requirement document describes the initial design considerations for developing a MiniApp Widget. The detailed Widget specification will be described in another document called Widget Spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MiniApp Widget is a special form of MiniApp Page. Same as a page, a widget runs in a host environment that is called the User Agent. Unlike a page, a widget can occupy a certain area instead of the entire screen. The Widget Requirements document describes the initial design considerations for developing a MiniApp Widget. The detailed Widget specification will be described in another document called Widget Spec.
```

## Why should we care?
As the MiniApp Widget is an integral part of MiniApp, the other relevant parts are described in other related MiniApp specification or note documents. This document mainly describes the specific requirements that need to be considered when defining the MiniApp Widget Specification as well as other dependencies.

> ## Key requirement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Key requirements
```

> The following parts will be covered in MiniApp Widget Requirement document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following parts are covered in the MiniApp Widget Requirements document:
```

- Main use cases of widget: some widget example scenarios are described

> - User Agent: some potential dependencies of widget running environment are described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- User Agent: some potential dependencies of the widget running environment are described
```
